Realise that they are just people covered with insecurities, sometimes people who do not understand their limitations and choose to display their ignorance. Let them be. Give them your piteous love from the bottom of your heart. Keep their antics in mind for it will light up a depressing day when you play it in your mind that there are people worse off than me, but they still value their ignorance ( flaws) and light up or irritate the person they come in contact with and they choose not to differentiate because for them an intelligent being or another fool is equal in their eyes.  Let go of your anger or any negative feelings because such inferior beings only deserve compassion. 

Be like paramedics at a scene.  They have to be the calmest in the area.

You can't win them all.  And sometimes (or most times) you can't win period.

Wife is always right.

In 100 years, all people on earth will be gone and there will be all new people.  In 200 years, no one will remember you.  Don't worry so much.

Listen to every word (I/they) say.

Be cool.

"Do not argue with a fool. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience."
Humans that have boxed their concepts of reality and are more than happy to argue about them are easy to find. What you have to do is ask them questions about their concept and don’t argue.
Try and find out how they came to that position. If you don’t argue with them, they lose. I listen, explain that is not how I have seen that position ( or find there is some truth in their assessment) and go on. My position is not to win, but to understand and discuss. Anyone that won’t discuss and just beats their point over and over are not learning but trying to change someone else.
You don’t tackle them, you disarm them by listening and not arguing. They will be miserable that they can’t get you any more, I promise!

If a fool is known to you, then only you can avoid an argument with him. If it is sudden and somewhere in beyond your knowledge then you have to argue for sometime. When you satisfied that your opponent is bombing you with absurd and irrelevant replies, it's a time for humble submission.
Remember, all fools are not intelligent.
All fools are adamant. Sometimes aggressive also.
But don't think that they are experienced in tackling everybody on earth.
Today's world is overloaded and over crowded with fools and furious peoples. Earth is a dangerous place for intelligent and peace loving people.
No need to identify a fool. If a person is not connected to you personally, avoid arguments and any type of intelligent discussion with him also.
Everybody is overestimating own capacity.
Seeing fools over reacting and keeping silent is a pathetic moment.
But, keep silent, earn your bread, think positive…and move away.

https://www.quora.com/Do-not-argue-with-a-fool-He-will-drag-you-down-to-his-level-and-beat-you-with-experience-How-do-you-identify-and-tackle-these-kinds-of-people


It's a waste of time arguing with a fool because if you do, you will only end up making yourself one too.  The moment you start arguing with an ignorant fool, you have already lost.

It's not enough to do what she wants even though you are against it.  You have to do it with a positive cheerful attitude.

Low self esteem.

“You will have bad times, but they will always wake you up to the stuff you weren't paying attention to.” ― Robin Williams

The fourth tip is if your relationship ever gets to the point of being toxic maybe it's time to just get out.  Don't let things get out of hand.  Disengage and just chill take it or leave it.  And I don't think we actually need to hear any explanation from anybody right because we're not rational creatures anyways.  I think we fundamentally just do whatever we want and then self-rationalize those choices later on so I don't think you want to hear anybody's explanations anyways.  Just observe their actions observe the life that you have together think about it is it acceptable to you is it good or is it toxic.  And if it's toxic it's time to get out you don't need to know anything more about it

Cognitive Dissonance
“Cognitive dissonance is basically this phenomenon whereby we have a natural drive for consistency, in that our belief system must be consistent with itself and it must be consistent with our actions.”  Basically, we think we are good, but our actions may not be consistent with it.  So when you fall out of that perfect harmony and either think or act in opposition to your belief system, tension builds and you become distressed. That distress is called dissonance.
https://www.everydayhealth.com/neurology/cognitive-dissonance/what-does-cognitive-dissonance-mean-theory-definition/

“I only debate my equals. All others, I teach.”  John Henrik Clarke

https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/insight-is-2020/201908/married-someone-whos-always-right
-A history of early experiences in which being vulnerable resulted in getting emotionally hurt: Men and women who are never wrong developed this defensive personality trait many years ago, and many of them developed it because someone very important in their early life made them feel emotionally unsafe. When they were young, many of these men and women learned that it isn't safe to let their guard down and be vulnerable, because when they let their guard down and were vulnerable in the past, they got emotionally hurt, criticized or even punished.
-For some men and women, the never-wrong personality trait is a part of a larger problem: an entire personality organization that is distorted in crucial ways. These individuals may have what clinicians call a personality disorder...
-People who act like they're never wrong often have a strong unmet need in their personal life, whether it's their romantic life, home life, or social life.
-Understand that your spouse's need to always be right isn't a sign that they think you're inherently inferior to them; they are simply terrified of being disrespected or unvalued by anyone — stranger, boss, spouse — and that's why they act the way they do.
-You've heard the trope about trying to change the stripes of a tiger. Simply put, trying to change your spouse or partner's most fundamental personality characteristics is a losing endeavor. The psychological need for these individuals to always be right and never be wrong is so strong and so many years in the making that the personality trait's closest relative is actual titanium; it's simply not budging. What can budge, however, is how you, their spouse or partner, react to them. How do you cope? You use a series of mental approaches.

Is it about working harder?  Working smarter?  Johnny Kim - pick one thing go after it?  I would rather die than give up. Johnny Kim.

https://99u.adobe.com/articles/24401/a-makers-guidebook-9-stoic-principles-to-nurture-your-life-and-work
1. Acknowledge that all emotions come from within
3. Recognize there is life after failure 
9. Remind yourself that time is our most precious resource


Expectations are beliefs that a certain outcome or event will happen.
Expectations are purely conjecture about what the future might hold, based upon strongly held assumptions. 
Expectations are nothing more than our best guesses sculpted into theory. These best guesses are really- at their core- our deeply held opinions mixed up with a big dash of hope.  
https://alliworthington.com/manage-expectations-so-they-dont-manage-you/

I just wanted one goal at a time that's really important to me even to this day that you have One Singular goal because you should be all in and what you're doing you should be genuine in what you're doing not have some social climbing some some professional ladder that you're trying to meet these goals in these stepping stones and why I said accident because I didn't want to be a corpsman and fact I wanted to be an intelligence specialist because it sounded cool sounded cool or an operations.  Johnny Kim

We blame stupidity on people but its actually not their fault if they happen to be stupid.  https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/6dcj48/we_blame_stupidity_on_people_but_its_actually_not/

Jocko - don't complain.  Be grateful for what you have.

Jocko - losing temper is weak.  losing temper is losing control.  stop, detach, and breathe.  think about the long term victory.  proving that you're right is not the best goal to have.  you want to win the war, not the little battle.  sun tzu - don't attack a heavily defended position.  flank them.  come in from another angle.  flowers, dinner, change subject that they can be more flexible mentally on.  if you escalate, you go harder, and they dig in defenses.  and then they remember how mean you were.  then you've given them ammunition for future.  who's right/wrong is not important.  2 people who do not budge...bad.  we want to win the long term strategic war.  red flag word - warning - they will not budge-stop attacking, flank.  losing your temper/anger management = low self esteem.  embarassing to have low self esteem.

Don’t caught up for being perfect.  Get kudos for things that are not perfect.  Don't spend too much time analyzing.  Do a good enough assessment.  

“Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.”

The heaviest burdens that we carry are the thoughts in our head.

Choose happiness over being right.  Choose battles wisely.

My purpose in life.  Family (wife, Kids), cybersecurity (stop/slow the bad guys, help others).

Distractions: 9gag, youtube video games scouting - distractions.  Don't waste another year in your life.  Don't waste time period.

You know how you don't really complain about work?  You should take the same approach for home.  You are pretty ignorant about things.  Be nice and do your best regardless of anything that is/seems unjust.   Roll with it.

Remain calm.  Getting angry/excited/emotional leads to poor judgement and regretful actions.  Do not create drama in your life.  Be grateful of what you have.  You are lucky.

Everyone has different levels of "caring" about something/someone.  This leads to different amount of levels of effort people will want to dedicate to something.  This includes you.

Don't expect logic.  Illogical things will happen.  No free will.  People (including you) ultimately have limited ability and will be blind to certain things.  This is to be expected so do not get upset.

Be careful with what you say/think is right/best course of action.  You could be wrong.  You have been so many times before.

Humans are irrational.  They will do illogical things to justify the ends.  Examples: Eating animals who were likely tortured.  Networking teacher: he did the job for the money.  Trump supporters.

John Stankey - balance:
1. professional - how satisfied/engaged are you
2. state of important personal relationships - are they productive/healthy
3. physical well being - how healthy are you?  your body gets you through life.  well tuned?
4. reason for being on this planet.  what gets you up in the morning.  purpose for yourself other than serving yourself.


Why did god make women so pretty?  So men would love them.  Why did god make women so dumb?  So they would love men.

So many distractions nowadays.  Get a laser focus on your goals and necessary tasks to stay productive and make best use of your time.  Life is short.  Instead of multi-tasking, do single-tasking.  Those who fail to plan, plan to fail.  


TomNomNom @TomNomNom
A lot of people in the replies here who apparently can't seem to understand that they're lucky they weren't born in, for example, a poor village in North Korea.
"No no, I'd have totally networked and overtimed my way to $100k regardless of my circumstances"
https://mobile.twitter.com/TomNomNom/status/1339747171600637952
https://mobile.twitter.com/JoshuaOgundu/status/1339289584711024640

5 hinderances to self mastery.
1. Sensual desire (social media, games, click bait, side projects/hobbies, email (rasp pi projects,bug bounty), fixing small things in the house, links from Q/chat, self help videos, interesting videos/news) 
2. Ill will - dislike, object, situation, person.  (bumpy road, rain, swim river).  Let go of ill will.
3. Sloth - heaviness of body.  Dullness of the mind. Sleepiness.  Non motivation.
4. Restlessness - unsettled mind.  mind cannot settle in the present moment.  Worrying about the future or traveling in the past and rejecting/judging.  Monkey mind...contstantly jumping from one branch to another.  Cannot see clearly.
5. Skeptical doubt.  Indecisiveness - lost in thought.  What if questions.

How to deal with the Hinderances: Let it rain:
R-recognize.  Recognize the state of the mind.
A-accept.  And acknowledge and allow the situation/person to be how the way it is/how they are.
I-investigate emotional/mental state.  Why did it come up.  What is going to be the consequence.
N-non-identify.  I am not the body.  I am not the mind.  I am not my emotion.  It's that I can see all three aspects about me.  All of our lifetimes/lives are too unique to copy the past from someone else.  To bring meaning/value to your life, you need to learn and master yourself.  Don't let the hinderances to stop you.

Think of how far you are from the smart/wise people you know:
-Think hard about what you say/think/do.  There's a good chance it's wrong/not ideal.  But do your best.
-Be understanding of others who may seem to be not logical (like you).  Think of others who you're certain to have been patient with you.
-Think of homeless people who are able to look at the bright side to get them through.

Don't be surprised
Don't get angry - grasping hot coal with the intent to hurt someone else - you get burned. 
Be calm - Thich Nhat Hanh

You can't change someone else's behavior.  You can't make someone behave the way you want them to.  
Why should you have to change?  Because it's your heart attack. -Jay Johnson

“When we walk like (we are rushing), we print anxiety and sorrow on the earth. We have to walk in a way that we only print peace and serenity on the earth... Be aware of the contact between your feet and the earth. Walk as if you are kissing the earth with your feet.”  - Thich Nhat Hanh
“When another person makes you suffer, it is because he suffers deeply within himself, and his suffering is spilling over. He does not need punishment; he needs help. That's the message he is sending.” ― Thich Nhat Hanh

Ruthless priortization - lots of good ideas.  have to say no to many of them to get to the great ideas.

Protect your time/attention.  Social media has AI to take your time/attention.  Step back and look at your life as an outside observer.

The highest level of mastery is simplicity.  Most information is irrelevant and most effort is wasted, but only the expert knws what to ignore.  James Clear

7 Skills worth learning-tech lead
1. Empathy for negotiation.  Label other's feelings to get them to say two magic words: That's right.  Have a shared feeling.

2. Ability to execute on your learnings.  Otherwise it's a waste.  Need to learn about 401k, investment/tax strats.

3. Marketing - everyone is clamoring for attention (now a highly valued currency).

4. Ownership mentality and really avoiding victim mentality.  Goggins  Stop complaining play the hand that you're dealt with right we're all dealt a certain hand and we all have various strengths and weaknesses.

5. Money management skills.  Websites: boggleheads or the subreddits for personal finance fat fire or wall street beds.

6. Learn another language

7. Tech

“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.” ― Dr. Seuss

"Stop comparing yourself to others and just focus on yourself. So what if someone runs a mile in 5 minutes and it takes you 15? You both ran the same mile. You'll cross your finish line when you get there.  Run your own race. Not someone else's." - Heath Adams 9/10/20

"Don't fear failure. Embrace it." - Heath Adams

"Failure is inevitable." 

Rat race from Wikipedia: A rat race is an endless, self-defeating, or pointless pursuit. The phrase equates humans to rats attempting to earn a reward such as cheese, in vain. It may also refer to a competitive struggle to get ahead financially or routinely.  The term is commonly associated with an exhausting, repetitive lifestyle that leaves no time for relaxation or enjoyment.

“Analyze your schedule, kill your empty habits, burn out the bullshit, and see what’s left.” – David Goggins

“The human body can withstand and accomplish a hell of a lot more than most of us think possible, and that it all begins and ends in the mind.” – David Goggins

“The Buddha famously said that life is suffering. I’m not a Buddhist, but I know what he meant and so do you. To exist in this world, we must contend with humiliation, broken dreams, sadness, and loss.” – David Goggins

“When you’re in hell, you forget how great you really are because you’re suffering and you forget the great things you’ve done.” – David Goggins

“I had a rough childhood coming up, and I just took all that negative energy and made it very positive for myself to drive me. I’m a very driven person. I have passion that almost scares people, just to be successful and make it no matter what.” – David Goggins

"Be bold. Life is too short to be doing something you don’t like."  A Friend

“It’s not about the cards you’re dealt, but how you play the hand.”―Randy Pausch

“The words you speak become the house you live in.” — Hafiz
We all have a story, and this is written by the words we use. If you tell yourself you’re anxious, you’re going to act accordingly. If you tell yourself you suck, it’s likely that you will. It is, therefore, crucial that you choose your words carefully, especially when you’re talking to yourself.
Words that stop you from taking action include “I can’t”, “if only”, and “I must”. These should be replaced with action words such as “I will”, “I choose to”, and “let’s look at this another way”.
In challenging situations, you should also track the questions you ask yourself. For instance, replacing “why me?” with “what can I do about this?” will instill a sense of strength, directing you towards corrective action, rather than blaming the world for your problems.

“Don’t fear failure. Not failure, but low aim, is the crime. In great attempts, it is glorious even to fail.” — Bruce Lee

‘Obstacles do not block the path. They are the path.’ — Zen Proverb

obsessive prioritization.  what are we going to say no to today?

https://www.quora.com/How-can-I-better-take-full-responsibility-for-my-happiness
-“Happiness is an inside job. Don’t assign anyone else that much power over your life.” — Mandy Hale
-Being responsible means not blaming others for your unhappiness.
-It means figuring out ways to be happy despite others’ (negative) behaviours and despite the external influences.
-The all-important truth about happiness is this: your happiness depends much more on your attitude than it does on objectives, or external circumstances.
-No one can make you happy, nor can you make anyone else happy.
-Happiness is a choice.
-You have the ability to control your own emotions.
-Do not let anything or anyone rob you from your own happiness.
-Gratitude has been linked to a host of physical and psychological benefits, including happiness.


